[Overhaul] v1.0 Changelog - The First Restructuring

YOU MUST MAKE A NEW WORLD!!

Overhauled the entire modpack. Coins and the shop work differently, there's a new progression and research system, etc.

Here's a list of the major changes:
You can now progress through technological ages (stone, bronze, iron, etc). This makes it feel more like you're progressing (Factorio-style or something) instead of just selling random items randomly with no real progression system.

There's a new research system, courtesy of Research Table. This is how you unlock stages, technology, etc.
- There's also research to unlock better weaponry :from Foundry and Tech Guns)
JJCoin is now the way you store and manage money. Mobs will drop coins as well.
-- Note that you still use AdminShop to sell stuff (because I do not want to make a million "sell this random thing!" quests), but you'll need to convert the money to coins to do quests, recipes (if any get added), etc.

All basic TE tools (pickaxe, axe, sword, hoe, etc.) have been disabled in favour of Mekanism's
-- Bows, Hammers, and Excavators remain; but only the ones that use alloy ingots (bronze, Steel, etc.) {And Platinum since it's a rare metal}
--- Fishing Rods (useless), Sickles (redundancy), and Shears (redundancy) have also been disabled

You no longer sell basic items. You 've got to process things (at least a bit) before being able to sell them.
This is to encourage you to build an actual factory, instead of just having a quarry feed a seller or something.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Normal Changelog:

Note that late-game content hasn't really been worked on, so it's all basically the same as before right now.


Enemies now drop small amounts of money


Disabled all of the ores, ingots, and nuggets from Tech Guns
- Uranium & Titanium are still around though


Disabled Gold-tier and higher Iron Chests
Disabled all Shulker boxes from Iron Chests


Unity & Unity: Dark Edition are now packaged with the modpack.
Re-did all the quests to fit the new progression system


Replaced Just Coins with JJCoin
Replaced Furnace Overhaul with Iron Furnaces
Replaced AE2 with Refined Storage
Replaced AE2 Stuff with Refined Storage Addons & Reborn Storage
- Doesn't add the same content, but they're both add-ons to a parent mod so idrc. Plus, RS is easier to stage since it has fewer parts.
Replaced Extended Crafting with Extended Crafting: Omnifactory Edition
- This new version is actually supported by the developers, and has a few bug fixes packaged in.




Added Baubles
Added Ignition: Foundry
Added Industrial Foregoing
Added Classic Bars
Added Research Table
Added Phosphor
Added ReAuth
Added VanillaFix
Added Builder's Bag
Added Advanced Rocketry
Added Extreme Reactors
Added Just Enough Reactors
Added Game Stages Viewer
Added Hardcore Item Stages
Added YAMDA - Yet Another Mining Dimension Attempt
Added DefaultOptions
Added Forestry
Added Custom Starter Gear
Added Akashic Tome
Added Better Storage Too
Added Refined Storage Fluxified
Added Thermal Innovation
Added Stone Crafying Table
Added Marble Crafting Table
Added Natura
Added Mob Stages
Added Better Advancements
Added FoamFix
Added SwingThroughGrass
Added RandomPatches
Added JustEnoughIDs
Added DiscordSuite
Added Extra Utilities Fixes
Added Primitive Crafting
Added Durability101
Added MixinBootstrap
Added Mixin 0.7-0.8 Compatibility
Added Item Damage Rebalancer
Added AI Improvements
Added Clay Bucket
Added YUNG's Better Caves
Added YUNG's Better Mineshafts
Added Speedy Hoppers
Added Wopper
Added Demagnetize
Added Patchouli
Added More Loot Tables




Updated AppleSkin
Updated Controlling
Updated CraftTweaker
Updated Don't Even Axe
Updated Energy Converters
Updated Flux Networks
Updated FTB Lib
Updated FTB Quests
Updated Hammer Lib
Updated Loot Tweaker
Updated Netherending Ores
Updated Simply Jetpacks 2




Removed The Disenchanter Mod
Removed Overloaded Armor Bar
Removed Recurrent Complex
Removed DimStorage
Removed Simple Wooden Pipes
Removed OpenComputers
Removed Loot Bags
Removed Food Expansion
Removed Mo' Villages
Removed Better Than Mending
Removed Iron Backpacks