Revival v2.0 Changelog


All of the ContentTweaker items have had sprite updates! The good ones were made by masterfulpotato#4037 on the Discord server, you can join and say thanks if ya want.


Scaling Health has been added to help encourage the player to visit various dimensions (planets in the lore).
Each one has a set multiplier on how fast difficulty scales, based on whatever I feel is "fair" (so for example, it's 75% the base speed in the Alien Jungle)
Nutrition has been added both to encourage you use more than 1 food type, and to make it seems a tad more realistic (but not annoyingly so)
The starting area has been overhauled. Now, zombies (and other enemies) will constantly spawn and threaten to kill you. There are 2 turrets for defense, but they won't last all that long. Best to move on.
- There's also a new bit of dialogue to urge the player to check the quest book.


Most XL Food items are now made in the Chef's Table
Most Biomes You'll Go foods are now made in the Chef's Table
Pristeel Items are now made in the Blacksmith's Table
Made passive mobs actually drop bones
Fixed how you couldn't get enough skill points to buy everything


Reduced maximum tolerance to 100
- Rejection now starts at 15 instead of 20. You can buy Neuropozene on the Black Market.
Fixed a few typos in some lore pages
Pigs, cows, and parrots now drop bones
The Miner's Ring uses a block of Stone instead of Iron Block
Disabled all of Thermal Foundation's armour & tools
- The bows still remain though, as do the shields


RPG-Hud is now enabled by default
- The UI changes are minimal though, and the quest explains how to change that
Tweaked the cost of the Ceramics research
- Now costs 2 clay and 1 block of coal. Changed the reward to 4 Porcelain Clay.
Removed the duplicate info quest about Reskillable


Updated Packed Up


Added SwingThroughGrass
Added Open Modular Turrets
- There's now a couple near the crashed ship, and the giant hole in the ceiling is no longer blocked. Zombies can get inside so you should leave quickly.
Added Player Plates
Added Vulcanite
Added Don't Even Axe


Removed FactInventory
Removed Extended Crafting
- Replaced it with Artisan Worktables
Removed Roguelike Dungeons
Removed Large Ore Deposits
- Replaced with Dense Metals (a spiritual successor of Dense Ores)
Removed BiblioCraft
Removed Dimension Stages
- I can't get it to work so it's kind of pointless.
Removed Bauble Shulker Boxes
Removed Chest Hoppers
Removed Deep Mob Learning
Removed Demagnetize
Removed Ore Stages
Removed Torch Bandolier
Removed Simple Quarry


Deleted Mechanics, the recipes I was going to add with it are now made with Artisan Tables' blocks
Deleted Lightweight Blood Mechanics
- I really wanted to use this, but it seems to be abandoned and there's multiple issues with it.