Rv1.0 Changelog

First release! This means that the modpack is (mostly) stable and has a good amount of content in it.



Removed Village Names
- Finally located the cause of that tickrate lag, will look into the other disabled mods in future updates. I do hope the mod dev fixes it though, this mod is kinda cool.
Removed Artisan's Worktables & Anthenaeum. I can't get them to work, so now they're gone.
- Removed unused scripts for them
Removed Biomes O' Plenty
- Everyone has used this before and I want to give Oh the Biomes You'll Go a chance to shine.


Updated Calemi's Utilities
Updated Champions
Updated Level Hearts
Updated Cyberware (Well, technically it's Robotic Parts; but it's still just Cyberware [which also sounds way cooler])
Updated AutoRegLib
Updated Classic Bar
Updated Fantastic Lib
Updated Industrial Foregoing
Updated Iron Chests
Updated Lots of Stuff
Updated McJtyLib
Updated Mega Loot
Updated all Mekanism modules
Updated More Overlays
Updated all Project Red modules
Updated Pyramid Plunder
Updated Reborn Core
Updated RF Tools
Updated Silent's Gear
Updated The Lost Cities
Updated Treasure2
- Disabled because something broke and I don't remember what version I had.
Updated Village Names
Updated XNet
Updated Applied Energistics 2



Added Loot Bags
Added Better Diving
Added Ocean Floor
Added Oh The Biomes You'll Go
Added The Emerald Haven
- Disabled because it might be causing tickrate lag*
Added The Beneath
Added Glacidus
- Disabled because it might be causing tickrate lag*
Added Cavern II
- Disabled because it might be causing tickrate lag*
Added Dimensional Doors
- Disabled because it might be causing tickrate lag*
Added Mowzie's Mobs
- Added LLibrary
Added Bloodmoon
- Made it a 5% chance per night
-- Also happens every Full Moon
--- Enemies are able to spawn within 8 blocks of the player, instead of the default 2, and spawn 4 blocks closer to the world spawn (20 instead of Vanilla's 24)
- Disabled because it might be causing tickrate lag*
Added Rough Mobs 2
- Disabled invisible creepers, because that's a bit too hardcore. Feel free to turn it back on if you want though.
Added Real Filing Cabinets
Added Extra Bows
Added OpenModularTurrets
Added Open Modular Passive Defense
- Added OmLib
Added Netherending Ores



Removed Quantum Storage
- Other mods do the same thing and I've noticied this one just breaks stuff sometimes.
Removed Daedalus's Labyrinth as it really didn't add much other than another dimension causing tickrate lag.
Removed Don't Even Axe, didn't seem to do anything.
Removed FTB Guides
- I can't figure out how to write them and you can just use the mod's wiki pages or curseforge page to find out info
-- Also removed FTB Guidebook


Removed Patchwork Coin Recipes - Exploits (can't believe I didn't catch it earlier)


* I will be testing these mods over the next few updates to be sure.