v2.5 Changelog - Tweaks & Quests

WARNING: The AE2 Stuff machines will crash the game, so just be warned: Do not use them!! I don't know what causes this but I'm looking into it.



Quest Changes:


Changed amount of items required by "Too...Much...Storage..." (From 10,000,000 to 100,000)
Changed structure of a few "Crazy Stuff" quests
Changed amount of Blood Orbs "Ultimate Soul Network" requires (From 100 to 1) [No idea why it was 100...]
Changed amount of blocks required by "MOAR FUEL!" (From 10,000 to 1,000)
Changed many quest rewards


Changed all AE2 Stuff quests to Consume tasks (For the reason the warning above says)
Changed "Cheaty Ore Location" to Crafting task
Recipe Changes:
Changed crafting station for Nether Star to vanilla crafting table (Petal Apothecary wasn't accepting items, thanks to ShafMBH for telling me this)


Changed crafting station for Copper Coin (From smelting to Runic Altar)
Changed recipe for Tome of Knowledge (Removed Power Suits component, replaced with Controller from AE2)
-Added a couple other things to it
--Might make it a proper shaped recipe, but idk...


Changed all recipes for Essence Armour (It's called The Essence of Everything [armor piece], but I'll get the author to change the name soon though)
Changed output of Full Heart recipe, it gives you 1 Silver Coin per heart
-Changed crafting station to crafting table (Shapeless recipe)
--This means you can turn full hearts into coins
Started making more Magi-Tech Limo quests


Misc Changes:


Changed EMC of Tinker's hearts and the canisters.
I've started to learn more about Draconic Evolution! Yay! Next patch (might) have some Draconic Evolution quests! For now though, have some Super Multi-Drills ones.
Added 1 surprise for you guys ;D (Good luck finding it >:D)
Added 18 new quests total.



Mod Edits:


Added The Essence of Everything (Mod) by XDFlame and me (Renders as ModName in-game though :'c)
Removed Numia and Machinemuse's Modular Powersuits - Prevented sprinting, I have no idea how to fix this... if you guys like the mod, then you can add it yourself :D

Updated Storage Drawers to v1.10.7